{"en":"True eccentrics never deliberately set out to draw attention to themselves. ^ ","ch":"真正古怪的人从不有意引人注意。  "}
{"en":"They disregard social conventions without being conscious that they are doing anything extraordinary. ^ ","ch":"他们不顾社会习俗， 意识不到自己所作所为有什么特殊之处。  "}
{"en":"This invariably wins them the love and respect of others,  for they add colour to the dull routine of everyday life. ^ ","ch":"他们总能赢得别人的喜爱与尊敬， 因为他们给平淡单一的日常生活增添了色彩。  "}
{"en":"Up to the time of his death,  Richard Colson was one of the most notable figures in our town. ^ ","ch":"理查德. 科尔森生前是我们镇上最有名望的人之一。  "}
{"en":"He was a shrewd and wealthy businessman,  but most people in the town hardly knew anything about this side of his life. ^ ","ch":"他是个精明能干、有钱的商人， 但镇上大部分人对他生活中的这一个方面几乎一无所知。  "}
{"en":"He was known to us all as Dickie and his eccentricity had become legendary long before he died. ^ ","ch":"大家都管他叫迪基。 早在他去世前很久， 他的古怪行为就成了传奇故事了。  "}
{"en":"Though he owned a large car,  he hardly ever used it,  preferring always to go on foot. ^ ","ch":"尽管他有一辆豪华小轿车， 但却很少使用， 常常喜欢以步代车。  "}
{"en":"Even when it was raining heavily,  he refused to carry an umbrella. ^ ","ch":"即使大雨倾盆， 他也总是拒绝带伞。  "}
{"en":"One day,  he walked into an expensive shop after having been caught in a particularly heavy shower. ^ ","ch":"一天， 他遇上一场瓢泼大雨， 淋得透湿。  "}
{"en":"He wanted to buy a $300 watch for his wife, ^ ","ch":"他走进一家高级商店， 要为妻子买一块价值300英镑的手表。  "}
{"en":"but he was in such a bedraggled condition that an assistant refused to serve him. ^ ","ch":"但店员见他浑身泥水的样子， 竟不肯接待他。  "}
{"en":"Dickie left the shop without a word and returned carrying a large cloth bag. ^ ","ch":"迪基二话没说就走了。 一会儿， 他带着一个大布口袋回到店里。  "}
{"en":"As it was extremely heavy,  he dumped it on the counter. ^ ","ch":"布袋很沉， 他重重地把布袋扔在柜台上。  "}
{"en":"The assistant asked him to leave,  but Dickie paid no attention to him and requested to see the manager. ^ ","ch":"店员让迪基走开， 他置之不理， 并要求见经理。  "}
{"en":"Recognizing who the customer was,  the manager was most apologetic and reprimanded the assistant severely. ^ ","ch":"经理认出了这位顾客， 表示了深深的歉意， 还严厉地训斥了店员。  "}
{"en":"When Dickie was given the watch,  the presented the assistant with the cloth bag. ^ ","ch":"店员为迪基拿出了那块手表， 迪基把布口袋递给他，  "}
{"en":"He insisted on the assistant's counting the money before he left -- 30, 000 pennies in all! ^ ","ch":"他坚持要店员点清那些硬币后他才离去。 这些硬币加在一起共有30, 000枚！  "}
{"en":"On another occasion,  he invited a number of important critics to see his private collection of modern paintings. ^ ","ch":"还有一次， 他邀请一些著名评论家来参观他私人收藏的现代画。  "}
{"en":"This exhibition received a great deal of attention in the press, ^ ","ch":"这次展览引起报界广泛注意，  "}
{"en":"for though the pictures were supposed to be the work of famous artists,  they had in fact been painted by Dickie. ^ ","ch":"因为这些画名义上是名家的作品， 事实上是迪基自己画的。  "}
{"en":"It took him four years to stage this elaborate joke simply to prove that critics do not always know what they are talking about. ^ ","ch":"他花了4年时间策划这出精心设计的闹剧， 只是想证明评论家们有时并不解他们所谈论的事情。  "}